feat: add docs generator (#301)
vegaprotocol/vegacapsule: config.md

> 

Reviewer: Let's regenerate new version of that file. I can see some changes when I run the following command:

```bash
go run ./cmd/docs/main.go -tag-name "hcl" -type-names "config.Config" -description-path ./cmd/docs/hcl_description.md -dir-path ./config > config.md
```

Default value: <code>~/.vegacapsule/testnet</code>
</dd>

<dt>
	<code>vega_binary_path</code>  <strong>string</strong>  - optional
</dt>

<dd>

Path (relative or absolute) to vega binary that will be used to generate and run the network.

Default value: <code>vega</code>
</dd>

<dt>
	<code>vega_capsule_binary_path</code>  <strong>string</strong>  - optional
</dt>

<dd>

Path (relative or absolute) of a Capsule binary. The Capsule binary is used to aggregate logs from running jobs
and save them to local disk in Capsule home directory.
See `vegacapsule nomad logscollector` for more info.

Default value: <code>Currently running Capsule instance binary</code>

<blockquote>This optional parameter is used internally. There should never be any need to set it to anything other than default.</blockquote>
</dd>

### Complete example

```hcl
vega_binary_path = "/path/to/vega"

network "your_network_name" {
  ...
}

```

</dl>

---

## *NetworkConfig*

Network configuration allows a user to customise the Capsule Vega network into different shapes based on personal needs.

> It also allows the configuration and deployment of different Vega nodes' setups (validator, full) and their dependencies (like Ethereum or Postgres).

Author: I know what you mean. Although in blockchain terminology a `full` node is a non-validator node.

It can run custom Docker images before and after the network nodes have started and much more.

### Fields

<dl>
<dt>
	<code>name</code>  <strong>string</strong>  - required, label 
</dt>

<dd>

Name of the network.
All folders generated are placed in the folder with this name.
All Nomad jobs are prefix with the name.

</dd>

<dt>
	<code>genesis_template</code>  <strong>string</strong>  - required | optional if <code>genesis_template_file</code> defined
</dt>

<dd>

[Go template](templates.md) of genesis file that will be used to bootrap the Vega network.
[Example of templated mainnet genesis file](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/networks/blob/master/mainnet1/genesis.json).

The [GenesisTemplateContext](templates.md#genesistemplatecontext) can be used in the template. Example [example](net_confs/genesis.tmpl).

<blockquote>It is recommended that you use `genesis_template_file` param instead.
If both `genesis_template` and `genesis_template_file` are defined, then `genesis_template`
overrides `genesis_template_file`.

> </blockquote>

Author: The other one exists in case you just want to quickly hardcode something and you don't care too much about the maintenance of the config file. But it is way more maintainable to keep it as a seperate in a file.

> </blockquote>

Author: I am not really sure how to explain this properly :/

> </blockquote>

Reviewer 2: That is a pretty good explanation! But maybe it doesn't need to be explained, I'll resolve.

#Capsule configuration docs

> Capsule it's not a real network deployment tool - it is rather a tool that allows to run a custom network simulation locally on single a machine.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Capsule is a tool that allows you to run a custom network simulation locally on single a machine. It is an incredibly useful tool for anybody who wants to try experimenting on or with a Vega network without using a real network.
```

This means that it is a incredibly useful tool for anybody who wants to try Vega network without using a real network.

> Capsule configuration is used by vegacapsule CLI network to generate and bootstrap commands and can be customised to personal need.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The configuration for Capsule is used to generate and bootstrap commands, and can be customised to fit your personal need. Under the hood, Capsule uses this configuration to generate a new network and store all its files in a single directory. You can then use [Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/) to deploy all generated services from the generation step. Nomad is built into the Capsule binaries. 
```

> Under the hood Capsule will use this configuration to generate a new network a stores all it's files in a single directory and then

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> it uses [Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/) to deploy all generated services from the generation step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
